He's a short-sighted Jewish master criminal with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a gun-slinging bohemian jungle king in drag. 
He's an otherworldly albino werewolf from the Mississippi delta. 
He's an obese alcoholic photographer who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an obese Republican cyborg looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a suicidal alcoholic dog-catcher who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a deeply religious shark-wrestling grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a gun-slinging misogynist master criminal whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's an underprivileged skateboarding romance novelist with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an uncontrollable Catholic inventor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a time-tossed white trash matador haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a scrappy amnesiac cyborg from a doomed world. 
He's a scarfaced white trash master criminal from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a war-weary voodoo photographer whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a one-legged arachnophobic gentleman spy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a shy crooked grifter looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fast talking Catholic paranormal investigator who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a jaded soccer-playing librarian on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a shy drug-addicted photographer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a gun-slinging arachnophobic vagrant with a secret. 
He's a time-tossed Jewish gangster looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fast talking alcoholic sorceror possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a benighted crooked dwarf who believes he can never love again. 
He's a lonely Jewish hairdresser looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's an uncontrollable albino grifter moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's an all-American Jewish astronaut who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a one-legged one-eyed astronaut with nothing left to lose. 
He's an oversexed neurotic gentleman spy with a passion for fast cars. 
He's an obese gay grifter from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a leather-clad vegetarian gangster on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a fast talking white trash rock star living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled Green Beret on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a suave native American sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a time-tossed Jewish senator in drag. 
He's a witless crooked master criminal with acid for blood. 
He's a genetically engineered chivalrous barbarian living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a short-sighted playboy farmboy from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a suicidal Jewish astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic card sharp on a mission from God. 
He's a leather-clad alcoholic cyborg in a wheelchair. 
He's an uncontrollable neurotic senator who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a shy day-dreaming cat burglar who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a superhumanly strong white trash astronaut on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a suave Amish hairdresser in drag. 
He's an ungodly native American househusband from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic househusband haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled barbarian who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a war-weary zombie stage actor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a notorious Catholic card sharp haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a scarfaced hunchbacked stage actor in a wheelchair. 