She's a wealthy African-American schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant nymphomaniac bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a foxy nymphomaniac socialite from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a manipulative French-Canadian barmaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's an orphaned African-American queen of the dead married to the Mob. 
She's a sharp-shooting gold-digging angel descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a time-travelling winged soap star married to the Mob. 
She's an artistic mutant politician with a knack for trouble. 
She's a chain-smoking African-American Hell's Angel from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a strong-willed thirtysomething journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a beautiful punk queen of the dead from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cynical communist detective with someone else's memories. 
She's a tortured mutant cab driver looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's an elegant communist journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a strong-willed hypochondriac mermaid with an incredible destiny. 
She's an orphaned bisexual safe cracker from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a man-hating Buddhist bodyguard from a different time and place. 
She's a strong-willed insomniac angel fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a virginal hypochondriac hooker operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's an artistic mute advertising executive from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist barmaid from out of town. 
She's a vivacious red-headed stripper from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a plucky Bolivian lawyer with a flame-thrower. 
She's an orphaned wisecracking magician's assistant with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a blind tomboy archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a vivacious kleptomaniac pearl diver with someone else's memories. 
She's a mentally unstable African-American mermaid with the power to see death. 
She's a blind mute advertising executive who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a brilliant impetuous soap star in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a supernatural renegade mercenary living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a chain-smoking streetsmart bodyguard trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a vivacious paranoid archaeologist with a knack for trouble. 
She's a violent snooty advertising executive on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant belly-dancing politician who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's an artistic tomboy wrestler with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty wrestler fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a radical belly-dancing queen of the dead on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a wealthy renegade femme fatale who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a wealthy motormouth journalist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a sarcastic antique-collecting former first lady who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a manipulative insomniac soap star descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a high-kicking snooty stripper living on borrowed time. 
She's an orphaned psychic college professor on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a violent belly-dancing politician with a flame-thrower. 
She's a scantily clad junkie museum curator with a flame-thrower. 
She's a virginal psychic museum curator with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a time-travelling communist Valkyrie who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a warm-hearted African-American socialite with an incredible destiny. 
She's a ditzy mute lawyer from Mars. 
She's a hard-bitten junkie opera singer living homeless in New York's sewers. 